c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.exe.config
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.exe
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.pdb
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v17.2.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.frmQuotation.resources
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.frmQuoteItem.resources
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.exe.licenses
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.exe
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Gasket_Quotation\Gasket_Quotation\obj\Debug\Gasket_Quotation.pdb
